so we saw this new dance or whatever you
want to call it call it the hallway swim
and we gonna try to incheon it how could
you know it looked kind of code premium
grade Viggo nigga gon kill a jumper he
has stretch them stretch them a deltoid
eats out look at that formation no Ethan
Achille no Ethan Achille mmm mmm jumping
jacks there you go mmm
swell swell swell swell
I'm drunk man damn right me Kenny this
morning almost right I'm a swim for it
get good no I would do it you look at
ma'am like to do in the video were you
looking a damn fool 00 how do you how do
you feel about your life right now I
guess game burn he so it's okay Brooke
it's okay okay okay you go
swell swell
I swam
swine
swam are you laughing they'll be last
man trying always will you I can do it
man I can be
swam
great refresh home get up get up but i
would note needed always when we fail at
issue